Sometimes interviewers also like to ask what your definition is of a perfect job.
So tell me about your perfect job.
And when you're asked this question, don't just jump and say this one.
It might be it might be the next job that will help pay off your bills.
But that's not how you want to project it.
You want every question and every response to every question to be well thought out, well constructed,
and backed up by some kind of data or facts or feelings, whatever.
Then when you talk about your perfect job, then instead of just saying this one, talk about what the
company values.
So most things like agility, things like teamwork or continuous learning and improvement and things
like that, identify what makes the company special and insert that into your response.
So you will talk about your the job that you're interviewing for.
You will talk about what makes that job special to you.
So talk about what you see yourself doing.
For example, if you're doing sales calls, then then you can talk about things like I.
My ideal job is one where I build customer relationships and build long lasting relationships that are
based on trust and I enjoy.
That's the reason I enjoy making sales calls every day and I enjoy the challenges that come with it.
This would be the ideal job and why this company is because the company values this, this and this.
So you're talking not just about the job itself, but you're talking about the company and you're presenting
to them without saying specifically this company and this job.
You're showing them through all these keywords.